alembic==1.13.1
    # via atramhasis (pyproject.toml)
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.15.0
    # via atramhasis (pyproject.toml)
bleach==6.1.0
    # via atramhasis (pyproject.toml)
cachecontrol==0.14.0
    # via atramhasis (pyproject.toml)
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via pyld
certifi==2024.6.2
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
colander==2.0
    # via atramhasis (pyproject.toml)
decorator==5.1.1
    # via dogpile-cache
dogpile-cache==1.3.3
    # via atramhasis (pyproject.toml)
frozendict==2.4.4
    # via pyld
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   skosprovider
    #   skosprovider-rdf
hupper==1.12.1
    # via pyramid
idna==3.7
    # via requests
iso8601==2.1.0
    # via colander
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   openapi-core
    #   rdflib
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   atramhasis (pyproject.toml)
    #   pyramid-jinja2
jsonschema==4.22.0
    # via
    #   openapi-core
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-path==0.3.2
    # via
    #   openapi-core
    #   openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   openapi-schema-validator
language-tags==1.2.0
    # via
    #   atramhasis (pyproject.toml)
    #   skosprovider
lazy-object-proxy==1.10.0
    # via openapi-spec-validator
lxml==5.2.2
    # via pyld
mako==1.3.5
    # via alembic
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   atramhasis (pyproject.toml)
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   pyramid-jinja2
    #   werkzeug
more-itertools==10.2.0
    # via openapi-core
msgpack==1.0.8
    # via cachecontrol
openapi-core==0.19.1
    # via pyramid-openapi3
openapi-schema-validator==0.6.2
    # via
    #   openapi-core
    #   openapi-spec-validator
openapi-spec-validator==0.7.1
    # via openapi-core
packaging==24.1
    # via zope-sqlalchemy
parse==1.20.1
    # via openapi-core
pastedeploy==3.1.0
    # via plaster-pastedeploy
pathable==0.4.3
    # via jsonschema-path
pbr==6.0.0
    # via stevedore
plaster==1.1.2
    # via
    #   plaster-pastedeploy
    #   pyramid
plaster-pastedeploy==1.0.1
    # via pyramid
pyld==2.0.4
    # via skosprovider
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via rdflib
pyramid==2.0.2
    # via
    #   atramhasis (pyproject.toml)
    #   pyramid-jinja2
    #   pyramid-openapi3
    #   pyramid-rewrite
    #   pyramid-skosprovider
    #   pyramid-tm
pyramid-jinja2==2.10.1
    # via atramhasis (pyproject.toml)
pyramid-openapi3==0.19
    # via atramhasis (pyproject.toml)
pyramid-rewrite==0.2
    # via atramhasis (pyproject.toml)
pyramid-skosprovider==1.2.1
    # via atramhasis (pyproject.toml)
pyramid-tm==2.5
    # via atramhasis (pyproject.toml)
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via atramhasis (pyproject.toml)
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via jsonschema-path
rdflib==7.0.0
    # via
    #   atramhasis (pyproject.toml)
    #   skosprovider-getty
    #   skosprovider-rdf
referencing==0.31.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   atramhasis (pyproject.toml)
    #   cachecontrol
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   skosprovider-getty
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via openapi-schema-validator
rfc3987==1.3.8
    # via skosprovider
rpds-py==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
    #   isodate
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
skosprovider==1.2.0
    # via
    #   atramhasis (pyproject.toml)
    #   pyramid-skosprovider
    #   skosprovider-getty
    #   skosprovider-rdf
    #   skosprovider-sqlalchemy
skosprovider-getty==1.2.0
    # via atramhasis (pyproject.toml)
skosprovider-rdf==1.3.0
    # via atramhasis (pyproject.toml)
skosprovider-sqlalchemy==2.1.1
    # via atramhasis (pyproject.toml)
sqlalchemy==2.0.30
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   atramhasis (pyproject.toml)
    #   skosprovider-sqlalchemy
    #   zope-sqlalchemy
stevedore==5.2.0
    # via dogpile-cache
transaction==4.0
    # via
    #   atramhasis (pyproject.toml)
    #   pyramid-tm
    #   zope-sqlalchemy
translationstring==1.4
    # via
    #   colander
    #   pyramid
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   sqlalchemy
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via requests
venusian==3.1.0
    # via pyramid
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
webob==1.8.7
    # via pyramid
werkzeug==3.0.3
    # via openapi-core
zope-deprecation==5.0
    # via
    #   pyramid
    #   pyramid-jinja2
zope-interface==6.4.post2
    # via
    #   pyramid
    #   transaction
    #   zope-sqlalchemy
zope-sqlalchemy==3.1
    # via atramhasis (pyproject.toml)

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
